docs: fix some typos (#478)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/expressions/extended_expression.md

# Extended expression
# Extended Expression

> Extended expression is provided for expression level protocol instead of plan rels. It mainly targets for expression only evaluation, such as those computed in Filter/Project/Aggregation rels. Different from original expression defined in substrait protocol, it requires more information to completely describe the computation context, including input data schema, referred function signatures and output schema. 

Author: Thanks for the clarification! This makes sense. I had assumed `Plan` was the top level root node for `ExtendedExpressions` also.

> Extended Expression messages are provided for expression-level protocols as an alternative to using a Plan. They mainly target expression-only evaluations, such as those computed in Filter/Project/Aggregation rels. Different from the original Expression defined in the substrait protocol, Extended Expression messages require more information to completely describe the computation context including: input data schema, referred function signatures, and output schema. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extended Expression messages are provided for expression-level protocols as an alternative to using a Plan. They mainly target expression-only evaluations, such as those computed in Filter/Project/Aggregation rels. Unlike the original Expression defined in the substrait protocol, Extended Expression messages require more information to completely describe the computation context including: input data schema, referred function signatures, and output schema. 
```
